[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we passed
in callbacks, we called them, but
what if we want to add an argument?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
so here's an example of us passing
arguments to our function, so
we have a couple math functions here one
is called increment, one is called square.
So increment just adds one.
Square is going to multiply itself,
it's going to multiply a number by itself.
And here's our function
called doMathSoIDontHaveTo.
And what it does is it takes a number and
then it takes a function.
And what it does is it applies,
it calls that function with that number.
And so we implement this by just
passing it, 5 so that's in.
And then square,
which is the function up here.
We enter into the function body and
it's just gonna return.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's
gonna return square with five,
which is what?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What is this?
This is a math test.
25.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
what about this one?
>> Speaker 2: Five.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Five.
This is just an example of,
we just call a function as if it's
just stored in a variable name.
There's no difference here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
how would we pass an argument here?
To either isTrue or isFalse.
What would we have to
change to pass argument?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Sean?
>> Sean: Put it in the function.
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, so
the first thing we'd have to do like this,
right?
Assuming that we're getting our argument
is being passed in from the parent
function, we'd have to put it here.
And then yeah,
we just pass it just like this.
Or we can just say even like this,
we can say var arg = 0 or something.
And then we can just have
our arg inside the function.
Or we could do it like that, either way.
And then how would we call this function?
>> Speaker 4: Pull ifElse,
and then condition, true or false and
then your arguments gone.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
And this would be a function,
this would be a function, and
then, pass a number or whatever.
Maybe a string.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
>> Speaker 5: Now, sorry.
Cuz when we first did some of,
when you did the A + B + C yesterday and
it was a return A + B cuz
it didn't care if you had three arguments.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 5: Even if you don't specify it
there in the function definition arg.
It's just, so if you don't have that arg
up top there in the function definition.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 5: But you ran ifElse,
and you had that asdf at the end,
it's just not gonna do anything with that,
like the C.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, exactly.
Exactly.
>> Speaker 6: Can you explain why we have
to define the arg variable?
Why couldn't we just when we actually
called the isTrue function just pass in
the parameter at the time of calling it?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm,
because like here you mean?
So if we had this function here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [CROSSTALK]
Like where?
Like here?
>> Speaker 6: Right there, and
then when you put the asdf in the exact,
in the front of the function indication.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay cuz this here,
this is just the function definition.
We're not invoking the function here, so
the only way that we can give a parameter
of value or cross an argument, is when
you're actually calling the function and
so, we're actually calling
the function at this line.
We're not calling the function here,
we're just passing the definition.
So, if we were to call the function,
you have to have the two parentheses.
>> Speaker 6: So
how does the Like if you had
a quick event in jQuery,
just thinking, can you pass the event
variable in the call back function?
What does that look like?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That's being so
when whenever that element
is clicked jQuery is
calling your call back function with that
event object.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
I have an example on the very top.
So here, or sometimes you call it e.
And then you've probably
seen it as e.preventDefault,
right, or something like that.
Here you're only defining
e as a parameter.
So you're just saying,
I'm just gonna call this e, but
you can call it you know this,
ASDF and do it that way,
so whenever, say we have a click
even on just the body here.
We click on it and
at that moment that function is called.
So this function here is called
at the moment of clicking and
that's why we get data for the e.
So the e object or the event object
has data on where you actually
clicked so
it's being passed at the time of clicking.
Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 5: The question is, how does
r get passed to isTrue and isFalse if
the parameter's only set on ifElse?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's see.
One more time.
>> Speaker 5: So
how does that r get passed to isTrue and
isFalse if it's only set on the ifElse?
>> Speaker 7: The function definition
would have to take a parameter, and
then use that parameter in its definition.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 7: Or you'd have to use the
argument's semi-array to get access to it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
yeah, maybe this will answer the question.
So, those are just example functions, but
this function then is a function that
takes that argument and then passes it
to the function and
we're just gonna console.log here, x.
So x is a parameter.
So this is where a parameter and
arguments got a little bit tricky.
So arg at this point is a parameter,
x here is a parameter.
asdf is a value that is an argument.
All of these things are arguments in here.
So true is an argument, this function
definition is an argument, and
when we pass asdf,
arg now contains that value.
arg here, is now you can imagine,
it's ASDF and
that's an argument and now isTrue, this x,
here in isTrue,
is then going to be ASDF and
that's how you follow it
through the function.
>> Speaker 5: Follow up question to that I
think is, do you have to set that
parameter in the function definition of
isTrue and isFalse?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No, you don't.
So the other option is if
you have no perimeters, or
you don't know how many perimeters
you can use, the argument's keyword,
which is gonna print out
an array of the arguments.
So, if we only pause one argument and
say ASTF it will have
ASTF In an array like object.
So we covered this yesterday
in the function section,
if you wanna review
the argument's key word.
It's pretty interesting.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.